c:\users\tranthanhbinh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfShop\WpfShop\obj\Debug\Styles\UIColors.baml
c:\users\tranthanhbinh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfShop\WpfShop\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\tranthanhbinh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfShop\WpfShop\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\tranthanhbinh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfShop\WpfShop\obj\Debug\WpfShop_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\tranthanhbinh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfShop\WpfShop\obj\Debug\WpfShop_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\tranthanhbinh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfShop\WpfShop\bin\Debug\WpfShop.exe.config
c:\users\tranthanhbinh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfShop\WpfShop\bin\Debug\WpfShop.exe
c:\users\tranthanhbinh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfShop\WpfShop\bin\Debug\WpfShop.pdb
c:\users\tranthanhbinh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfShop\WpfShop\bin\Debug\FontAwesome.Sharp.dll
c:\users\tranthanhbinh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfShop\WpfShop\obj\Debug\Styles\ButtonStyles.baml
c:\users\tranthanhbinh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfShop\WpfShop\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\tranthanhbinh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfShop\WpfShop\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\tranthanhbinh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfShop\WpfShop\obj\Debug\WpfShop.g.resources
c:\users\tranthanhbinh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfShop\WpfShop\obj\Debug\WpfShop.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\tranthanhbinh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfShop\WpfShop\obj\Debug\WpfShop.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\tranthanhbinh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfShop\WpfShop\obj\Debug\WpfShop.exe
c:\users\tranthanhbinh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfShop\WpfShop\obj\Debug\WpfShop.pdb
c:\users\tranthanhbinh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfShop\WpfShop\obj\Debug\Views\CategoryView.g.cs
c:\users\tranthanhbinh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfShop\WpfShop\obj\Debug\Views\HomeView.g.cs
c:\users\tranthanhbinh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfShop\WpfShop\obj\Debug\Views\OrderView.g.cs
c:\users\tranthanhbinh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfShop\WpfShop\obj\Debug\Views\ProductView.g.cs
c:\users\tranthanhbinh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfShop\WpfShop\obj\Debug\Views\UserView.g.cs
c:\users\tranthanhbinh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfShop\WpfShop\obj\Debug\Views\CategoryView.baml
c:\users\tranthanhbinh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfShop\WpfShop\obj\Debug\Views\HomeView.baml
c:\users\tranthanhbinh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfShop\WpfShop\obj\Debug\Views\OrderView.baml
c:\users\tranthanhbinh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfShop\WpfShop\obj\Debug\Views\ProductView.baml
c:\users\tranthanhbinh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfShop\WpfShop\obj\Debug\Views\UserView.baml
c:\users\tranthanhbinh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfShop\WpfShop\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\TranThanhBinh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfShop\WpfShop\obj\Debug\WpfShop.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
